Time Log:

	Week 1: Started mocking up the UI and design of the page. I want a fairly basic looking website while presenting the product well. Also working on getting the website phone responsive.

	Week 2: Currently have the website up and hosted on aaronmeyer.getforge.io as a holder website so I can test it on my phone and multiple devices. I have been able to get the website fully responsive and functional with any device.

	Week 3: Working on getting the site implemented into my git project. I want to start cutting down all of the extra vendor files that are tied to my site as well.

	Week 4: Implemented an initial Hybernate Data base with basic user info.

	Week 5: Added JQuery to the site and got most of the single page application done. Want to add sign in page next week.

	Week 6: Implemented the one to many table so I can start with the data processing.

	Week 7: Implemented the chart.js charts to the page to display information.

	Week 8: Deployed my application to aws

	Week 9: Got my authentification figured out and connected to the mysql database successfully.

Plan:

	Week 1-3: Get the visual and front end basic portion completed and get the page ready for testing with the services I will be adding.

	Week 3-5: Add a database to the site and add login screens so customers can subscribe. I also want to add paypal functionality to the site.
	            The database will produce graphical results that will give a dynamic price to each customer based on how long they have subscribed,
	            and how many others have plegged to buy.

	Week 6-7: Start increasing the data to be presented in the indieProject database. Planning on starting to find frameworks
	            to present the data in graph form to show the user their discounts and info. The plan is for two tables, one group table
	            for group discounts and then the user table for individual discounts.

	Week 8-10: Want to add a Paypal purchasing feature that is linked with hybernate to keep track of users past purchases. My plan is to process
	            all discounts on the front end with minimal back end use.

	Week 11-13: Adding the users dynamic algorithms and group algorithms to the site.

	Week 14-16: Clean up the website and come up with new artwork for release.
